Anchor Privacy Policy

Effective as of March 1, 2022

    About This Policy
    Your rights and your preferences: Giving you choice and control
    Personal data we collect about you
    Our purpose for using your personal data
    Sharing your personal data
    Data retention and deletion
    Transfer to other countries
    Keeping your personal data safe
    Children
    Changes to this Policy
    How to contact us


1. About This Policy

This Policy describes how we process your data when you use Anchor, a service provided by Spotify.

It applies to your use of Anchor ("Anchor" or "Anchor Service") and any recordings, audio, transcript, or other material that is made available through Anchor. References to "Spotify", "we", "us", or "our" are to the legal entity indicated at Section 11 "How to contact us"

From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. They'll also be subject to this Policy, unless stated otherwise when we introduce them.

This Policy is not...

    the Anchor Terms of Service. That's a separate document, outlining the legal contract between you and Spotify for using the Anchor Service. It also describes the rules of the Anchor Service and your user rights.
    about your use of other services provided by Spotify which have their own dedicated privacy policy, such as Spotify, Soundtrap, and Megaphone.

However, the Spotify Privacy Policy may also apply if you choose to link your Anchor account with your Spotify account to unlock certain additional functionalities.
2. Your rights and your preferences: Giving you choice and control

Privacy laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), give rights to individuals over their personal data.

See your rights and their descriptions in this table.
 	It's your right to...
Access	Be informed of the personal data we process about you and to request access to it
Rectification	Request that we amend or update your personal data where it’s inaccurate or incomplete
Erasure	Request that we delete certain of your personal data
Restriction	Request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data
Object	

Object to us processing your personal data at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation

Object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes
Data portability	Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service
Not be subject to automated decision-making	Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect

If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you can contact us at privacy@anchor.fm. If you would like to change your push notification preferences, you can use the notification settings on your mobile device. Email marketing messages also include an opt-out mechanism within the message itself (e.g. an unsubscribe link in the emails we send you).

You also have the right to contact the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection or your local data protection authority about any questions or concerns.

If you are a resident of the state of California, after January 1,2020, please see our supplemental policy "Additional California Privacy Disclosures" which will discuss additional privacy rights you may have under applicable law regarding the processing of your personal data.
3. Personal data we collect from you

These tables set out the categories of personal data we collect and use.
Collected when you sign up for the Anchor Service or when you update your account
Categories	Description
User Data	

Personal data that we need to create your Anchor account and enables you to use the Anchor Service. The type of data collected depends on if you use third party services to sign in. This may include:

    name
    email address
    password
    date of birth
    country

We receive some of this data from you, e.g. from the sign up form or account page. We also collect some of this data from your device e.g. country. For more information about how we collect country, see "Your general (non-precise) location".

You also have the option to provide us other information about yourself, such as:

    website
    social media handles


Collected through your use of the Anchor Service
Categories	Description
Usage Data	

Personal data collected about you when you’re accessing and/or using the Anchor Service. There are a few types of information this includes, detailed in the following sections.

Information about how you use Anchor

Examples include:

    your actions with the Anchor Service (including data and time) such as:
        features you use
        actions you take
        account settings
        your use of third party services, and applications in connection with the Anchor Service.
    content you create, post, upload, and/or share using the Anchor Service.

Your technical data

Examples include:

    URL information
    online identifiers such as cookie data and IP addresses
    information about the devices you use such as
        device IDs
        networks connection type (e.g. Wi-Fi, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth)
        provider
        network and device performance
        browser type
        language
        operating system

Your general (non-precise) location

This may be understood from technical data (e.g. your IP address, language setting of your device, or payment currency).

Additional data you may choose to give us
Categories	Description
Payment and Purchase Data	

If you are a listener and choose to support a creator, we collect your name and email address. Our payment processor collects your payment information.

If you are a creator, monetizing your content on the Anchor Service, we will collect and process personal data for the purposes of providing you payouts and administrating your tax reports.

This may include:

    legal name
    business name
    home address
    phone number
    social security number
    tax identification number

Our payment partner also collects your bank account information.
Contest, Surveys, and Sweepstakes Data	When you complete any forms, respond to a survey or questionnaire, or take part in a contest or sweepstakes, we collect the personal data you provide.

Collected from other ('third party') sources
Categories	Description
Authentication partners	If you register for or log into the Anchor Service, using another service, we’ll receive your information from them to help create your account with us.
Third party applications and services you connect to your Anchor account	

If you connect your Anchor account to a third party application and/or service, we may collect certain information from them to make the integration possible.

We’ll ask for your permission before we collect your information from certain third parties.
Technical service partners	We work with technical service partners that give us certain data, such as mapping IP addresses to non-precise location data (e.g. city, state).
4. Our purpose for using your personal data

The table below sets out:

    our purpose of processing your personal data
    our legal justifications (each called a "legal basis") under data protection law, for each purpose
    categories of personal data which we use for each purpose (see more about these categories in Section 3 'Personal data we collect about you').

Here is a general explanation of each "legal basis" to help you understand the table:

    Performance of a Contract: When it’s necessary for Spotify (or a third party) to process your personal data to:
        comply with obligations under a contract with you, e.g. Spotify’s obligations under the Terms of Use to provide the Anchor Service to you
        or verify information before a new contract with you begins.
    Legitimate Interest: When Spotify (or a third party) has an interest in using your personal data in a certain way, which is necessary and justified considering any possible risks to you and other Anchor users. For example, using your Usage Data to improve the Anchor Service for all users. Contact us if you want to understand a specific justification.
    Consent: When Spotify asks you to actively indicate your agreement to its use of your personal data for a certain purpose(s).
    Compliance with Legal Obligations: When Spotify must process your personal data to comply with a law.


Purpose for processing your data	Legal Basis	Categories of personal data used for the purpose

To provide the Anchor Service in accordance with the contract with you.

For example, when we use your personal data to:

    set up an account for you
    provide the Anchor app when you download it onto your device

	Performance of a Contract	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Payment and Purchase Data

To provide further parts of the Anchor Service.

For example, when we use your personal data to enable additional features.
	

Legitimate Interest

Our legitimate interests here include:

    keeping the Anchor Service running and functional
    allowing users to access and use the Anchor Service 

	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Payment and Purchase Data

To diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the Anchor Service.	Performance of a Contract	

    User Data
    Usage Data

To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Anchor Service.

For example, we analyse how our users react to a particular new feature and see whether we should make any changes.
	

Legitimate Interest

Our legitimate interests here include developing and improving products and features for our users.
	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data

For marketing or advertising where the law requires us to collect your consent.

For example, when we use cookies to understand your interests or the law requires consent for email marketing.
	

Consent
	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data

For other marketing, promotion and advertising purposes where the law does not require consent.	

Legitimate Interest

Our legitimate interests here include marketing and promoting the Anchor Service.
	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data

To comply with legal obligations that we are subject to.

This might be:

    an obligation under the law of the country / region you are in
    Swedish law (because of our headquarters in Sweden), or
    EU law that applies to us

For example, when we use your date of birth when required for age verification purposes.
	Compliance with legal obligations	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Payment and Purchase Data
    Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data

To comply with a request from law enforcement, courts, or other competent authorities.	

Compliance with legal obligations, and legitimate interest

Our legitimate interests here include assisting law enforcement authorities to prevent or detect serious crime.
	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Payment and Purchase Data
    Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data

To fulfill contractual obligations with third parties.	

Legitimate interest

Our legitimate interests here include maintaining our relationships with other third parties so we can provide the Anchor Service.
	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Payment and Purchase Data

To take appropriate action with reports of intellectual property infringement and inappropriate content.	

Legitimate interest

Our legitimate interests here include protecting intellectual property and original content.
	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Payment and Purchase Data

To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.

For example, if we are involved in litigation and we need to provide information to our lawyers in relation to that legal case.
	

Legitimate interest

Our legitimate interests here include:

    seeking legal advice
    protecting ourselves, our users or others in legal proceedings

	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Payment and Purchase Data
    Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data

To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting.

For example, when we look at aggregated user data, like the number of new sign ups in a country, in order to plan new locations to launch our products and features in.
	

Legitimate interest

Our legitimate interests here include researching and planning so that we can keep running our business successfully.
	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Payment and Purchase Data

To process and administer payments.	Performance of a Contract, and consent	

    User Data
    Payment and Purchase Data

To keep the Anchor Service secure and to detect and prevent fraud.

For example, when we analyse Usage Data to check for fraudulent use of the Spotify Service.
	

Legitimate Interest

Our legitimate interests here include protecting the Anchor Service and our users against fraud and other illegal activity.
	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Payment and Purchase Data

To conduct research, and surveys.

For example, when we contact our users to ask for your feedback.
	

Legitimate Interest
Consent

Our legitimate interests here include to understand more about how users think about and use the Anchor Service.
	

    User Data
    Usage Data
    Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data

5. Sharing your personal data

This section sets out the categories of recipients of the personal data collected or generated through your use of the Anchor Service.

Publicly available information

The following personal data will always be publicly available on the Anchor Service:

    public posts and/or content that are immediately delivered via RSS feeds and/or our APIs to our partners and other third parties, including search engines, developers, and publishers that integrate the Services content into their services

Personal data you may choose to share

We will only share the following personal data with those outlines in the table below:

    where sharing of particular personal data is needed for the use of an Anchor Service feature, or a third party application or service, which you have chosen to use; or
    if you otherwise grant us your permission to share the personal data, e.g. by selecting the appropriate setting in the Spotify Service or by giving your consent


Categories of recipients	Reason for sharing
Third party applications, and services you connect to your Anchor Account	To connect your Anchor account, and/or allow you to use the Anchor Service in connection with third party applications, or services.

Information we may share

See this table for details of who we share to and why.
Categories of recipients	Reason for sharing
Service Providers	

So they can provide their services to Spotify, to facilitate the Anchor Service.

These service providers may include those we hire to:

    give customer support
    operate the technical infrastructure we need to provide the Anchor Service
    assist in protecting and securing our systems and services
    help market Spotify’s (and our partners’) products, services, events and promotions

Payment partners	So they can process your payment and/or our payouts, and for anti-fraud purposes.
Marketing Partners	

To promote Anchor with our partners. We share some personal data with these partners where necessary to:

    enable you to participate in Anchor promotions
    to promote Anchor in media and advertising published on other online services
    to help us and our partners to measure the effectiveness of Anchor promotions

Our partners may also combine the personal data we share with them with other data they collect about you (e.g. your use of their service). We and our partners may use this information to present you with offers, promotions, or other marketing activities that we believe will be relevant to you.
Other Spotify group companies	Where we have offices, to carry out our daily business operations and so we can maintain and provide the Anchor Service to you.
Law enforcement and other authorities	

When we believe in good faith it’s necessary for us to do so, for example:

    to comply with a legal obligation
    to respond to a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena)
    for our own or a third party’s justifiable interest, relating to:
        national security
        law enforcement
        litigation (a court case)
        criminal investigation
        protecting someone’s safety
        preventing death or imminent bodily harm.

Purchasers of our business	Where we sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer. In this situation, your personal data may be transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction along with other assets. Spotify will continue to ensure your personal data is kept confidential.
6. Data retention and deletion

Retention

We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Anchor Service and for legitimate and essential business purposes, such as

    maintaining the performance of the Anchor Service
    making data-driven business decisions about new features and offering
    complying with our legal obligations
    resolving disputes.

Deletion

If you close or request that we close your account, we’ll delete or anonymise your personal data so it no longer identifies you, unless we’re required to keep something or we still need to use it for a legally justifiable reason.

Here are some examples of situations where we’re legally allowed or required to keep some of your personal data:

    if there’s an unresolved issue relation to your account, such as an outstanding credit or unresolved claim or dispute
    for our legal, tax, audit and accounting obligations
    for our legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain security

7. Transfer to other countries

When carrying out the activities described in this Policy, Spotify shares your personal data internationally with other Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners. They may process your personal data in countries whose data protection laws are not considered to be as strong as EU laws or the laws which apply where you live. For example, they may not give you the same rights over your data.

Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use tools to:

    make sure the data transfer complies with applicable law
    help to give your data the same level of protection as it has in the EU

We do this using a variety of protections, as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:

    Standard Contractual Clauses (or an alternative legal tool) to require the third party to protect your data and to provide you with EU-level rights and protections
    technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation
    policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests

You can exercise your rights under the Standard Contractual Clauses by contacting us or the third party who processes your personal data.
8. Keeping your personal data safe

We are committed to protecting our users’ personal data. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, be aware that no system is ever completely secure.

We have implemented various safeguards including pseudonymisation, encryption, access, and retention policies to guard against unauthorised access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems.

To protect your user account, we encourage you to:

    use a strong password that is unique to your Anchor account
    never share your password with anyone
    limit access to your computer or browser
    log out once you have finished using the Anchor Service on a shared device

9. Children

The Anchor Service has a minimum “Age Limit” in each country. The Anchor Service is not directed to children whose age:

    is under the age or 13 years
    or, makes it illegal to process their personal data
    or, requires parental consent to process their personal data

We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the applicable Age Limit. If you’re under the Age Limit, please do not use the Anchor Service, and do not provide any personal data to us.

If you’re a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal data to Spotify via the Anchor Service, please contact us.

If we learn that we’ve collected the personal data of a child under the applicable Age Limit, we’ll take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. This may require us to delete the Anchor account for that child.
10. Changes to this Policy

We may occasionally make changes to this Policy.

When we make material changes to this Policy, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. For example, we may display a prominent notice within the Anchor Service or send you an email or device notification.
11. How to contact us

For any questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing privacy@anchor.fm or by writing to your relevant data controller at the address below.

Data controller if you reside in the US:
Spotify USA, Inc.150 Greenwich StNew York, NY 10007USA

Data controller if you reside in any other country than the US:
Spotify ABRegeringsgatan 19111 53 StockholmSweden

