Privacy
policy
Sephora attaches respects your concerns relating to the protection of your privacy and your personal data (hereinafter “Personal Data”).

This privacy policy (hereinafter the “Policy”) describes how Sephora uses information about you collected when you use the website www.jobs.sephora.com (hereinafter the “Website”). This Policy also contains information concerning your rights pursuant to applicable data protection laws.

This Policy is therefore an importance resource for you, helping to ensure that you have a positive and confident experience on the Website and enabling us to provide accurate and complete answers to any questions you may have and to take account of your wishes in this area.

1. Modification of the Policy

We may occasionally wish to modify the terms of this Policy. In such an event, we shall notify you of this by changing the date indicated at the bottom of this document, which is permanently available for consultation on the Website. We would encourage you to consult this Policy on a regular basis, in order to keep abreast of the procedures implemented by Sephora for processing your Personal Data, as well as the methods by which you can send us inquiries regarding our use of the data and protect your privacy.

2. Who is the controller of your Personal Data?

The controller of your Personal Data is Sephora SAS, a simplified joint-stock company with a share capital of 78.256.500 €, registered with the Trade and Companies Registry of Nanterre under number B 393 712 286, located at: 41, rue Ybry, 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France.

3. How can you contact us?

In order to give this requirement to ensure protection of your Personal Data the priority it deserves, Sephora has decided to designate a Data Protection Officer (hereinafter “DPO”), who may be contacted at the following address: dpo@sephora.fr.

4. Why do we collect your Personal Data?

Sephora collects and processes your Personal Data for the following purposes:

(i) displaying pages of the Website and information relevant to your geographical location and your interests. The processing of your Personal Data for this purpose is based on your consent, as resulting from the sharing options your have notified us with; and

(ii) compilation of statistics regarding the use of the Website. The processing of your Personal Data for this purpose is necessary for the protection of our legitimate interest to continuously improve our Website.

Sephora may also process your Personal Data to the extent necessary for the protection of our legitimate of being able to defend ourselves in case of a dispute and to comply without our legal obligations.

5. What type of Personal Data do we process?

We only process Personal Data that is strictly necessary for the purposes described in paragraph “Why do we collect your personal data” above.

We collect your Personal Data by using IP geolocation and/or audience measurement cookies. They allow us to follow the performance of the Website and carry out statistical studies. “Cookie” is a generic term designating a text file stored in a dedicated space of the hard drive of the terminal (i.e. computer, tablet, smartphone, etc.) of a media user (Internet, app, etc.) when consulting online content. This Cookie file allows the person issuing it to identify the terminal where the Cookies is stored and follow the user’s media activity.

The Cookies are issued by us or our providers. Audience measurement cookies only produce and transmit aggregated statistics and traffic volumes to our providers, to the exclusion of any individual information.

We do not use personal information for purposes outside those for which they were collected initially, unless you have later approved such additional purpose.

6. Who can access your Personal Data?

When using our Website, some of your information may be shared with our providers and subcontractors, only for the management of the Website and as strictly necessary for them to provide their services.

Finally, should all or part of Sephora SAS’s activities be purchased by a third-party, your Personal Data will be shared with the purchaser in order to ensure the continuity of the Website operations.

7. Do we transfer your Personal Data outside the European Union?

Personal data may be transferred outside the European Union as a result of the organization or location of our service providers (for example, our technical providers managing the Website).

Data collected when you use the Website may be transferred to countries located outside the European Union whose applicable privacy laws are different from that of the European Union or your country of residence.

When the data importer is located in a country not considered as providing an equivalent level of protection by the European Commission, we ensure that the transfer is safeguarded by implementing the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission, thus ensuring an adequate level of protection of your privacy and of the fundamental rights of the persons, equivalent guarantees and/or additional technical and organizational measures, where necessary.

8. How long do we store your Personal Data?

Generally speaking, Sephora keeps your Personal Data for a period not exceeding what is strictly necessary for the purposes for which your Personal Data has been collected. In the course of using the Website, your Personal Data is kept for a maximum period of 13 months .

9. What are your rights and how can you exercise them?

Pursuant to applicable privacy laws, you have the following rights regarding your Personal Data:

• You have the right to request access to and communication of your Personal Data;

• You have the right to request that any Personal Data pertaining to you that are inaccurate, be corrected and that the processing be limited in the time necessary for such correction. Depending on the nature of the processing, you also have the right to request that Personal Data pertaining to you be completed;

• When the processing of your Personal Data results from your consent, you have the right to withdraw your earlier given consent at any time;

• You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data;

• You have the right to request that Personal Data pertaining to you be deleted in the following cases:

o You consider that the processing of your Personal Data is no longer necessary with regards to your use of the Website or the pursuit of the purposes detailed in this Policy, or that the retention of your Personal Data breaches applicable privacy laws;
o You have withdrawn your consent to the processing of your Personal Data (see above);
o You oppose the processing of your Personal Data for personal reasons;
o Your Personal Data have been collected when you were underage.

• Alternatively, you can also ask that we limit the processing of your Personal Data, within the limits detailed in applicable privacy laws.

Please note that, notwithstanding your right to request the deletion or limitation of the processing of your Personal Data, we may retain certain Personal Data when required or authorized by applicable law, when we have a legitimate interest to do so (including in order to establish the performance of a contract), or as needed to exercise or defend a legal claim or when your exercising of this right violates freedom of speech or information.

• You have a right of portability in order to regain your Personal Data or transfer it to a third party of your choosing;

• You have the right to issue advance instructions regarding the use or disposal of your Personal Data after your death;

• You have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority responsible for the protection of personal data: the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL) at 3 Place de Fontenoy, 75007 Paris, France.

We would invite you to exercise these rights by contacting us as detailed in section “How can you contact us?” above.

Last updated: October 31st, 2022